In this lesson, we'll explore ways to
determine if pages and events are helping conversions.
A critical question for everyone.
We'll start off with a scope consideration.
A big part of the challenge is that pages and events are hit-scope
dimensions and we're trying to compare them to session-scope conversion metrics.
To address this challenge will look at the important page value metric.
We'll also take a deep dive into the funnel reports and metrics.
We'll also look at the reverse goal path report for additional insight
about the pages leading to goal conversions
and potential candidates for additional funnels.
We'll conclude with a discussion about sequence segments,
and how we can use them to determine the help that not only pages,
but also events are providing to conversions
within a single session or spanning multiple sessions.